Prepare Getting Started with Popup Guide (#2137)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Popup/00 Getting Started with Popup/08 Position the Popup.md

> To position the Popup within the viewport, use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) property. The Popup also allows users to change its position via drag and drop. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) property to position the Popup within the viewport. Users can also drag and drop the Popup to change its position. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you have [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).
```

> To position the Popup within the viewport, use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) property. The Popup supports drag and drop. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To position the Popup within the viewport, use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) property. The Popup also allows users to change its position via drag and drop. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).
```

> To position the Popup within the viewport, use the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#position) property. The Popup supports drag and drop. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle).

Reviewer 2: > [configured it](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle)

Better refer to the Define the Title topic.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {
        $("#popup").dxPopup({
            // ...
            dragEnabled: true,
            position: "center"
        });
        // ...
    });

 
##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->

>     // ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

    <dx-popup...
        [dragEnabled]="true"
        position="center">

>         <div *dxTemplate="let data of 'content'">
>             <!--...-->
>         </div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <!-- ... -->
```

    </dx-popup>
    <!-- ... -->

> 
>     <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
>     import { Component } from '@angular/core';
> 
>     @Component({
>         selector: 'app-root',
>         templateUrl: './app.component.html',
>         styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
>     })
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">

>             // ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

            <DxPopup...
                :drag-enabled="true"
                position="center">

>                 <template #content>
>                     <!--...-->
>                 </template>            

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                <!-- ... -->
```

            </DxPopup>
            <!-- ... -->
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
        // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...
    const App = () => {
        // ...
        return (
            <div className="App">
                <Popup
                    dragEnabled={true}

>                     position="center"/>
>                 // ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    position="center"
                />
                {/* ... */}
```
